1) What is Serialization?
serialization stands for converting a object into bytes or prefereably some other format say xml to transfer objects over network or a way of communicating between two jvms.


2) What is the difference between Global JNDI namespace and java: namespace?
In Global JNDI name space any one can access the resource inside/outside the jvm where as in case of java:namespace only the application running in JVM
can access and use the resource using context lookup.


3) When do you create a Local Business interface for your stateless session bean?
local business interface is used when the access has to be done from same jvm where has if some other client/machine network is trying to access the bean
remote interface is used.


4) How many Stateless session beans get created after deployment?
the number of stateless session beans depends on the number of calls the client is making.For each call a separate bean is created
there can be a pool that can be maintained

5) Expand the following.

JSTL   Java server Tag library "used for reusing existing code / methods for ease and quick dev"
TLD   
JMS    java messaging service used for asynchronous communication between two entities/beans  two models p2p and publish/subscribe
REST   Representional state transfer protocol GET CRUD using url  a a state is mapped to particular url on internet (web service)
JMX
ANT    a tool used for building and deploying  compiling classes and moving maven is used popularly nowadays

6) What is the base class for all Tag Handler classes?



7) How do you refer to the ServletContext object in JSP?
   request.getServletContext()

8) How can you use multiple databases in JPA?
   persistence.xml


9) When a client invokes an EJB what is the object it's actually invoking the method on?
   its communicating via proxy but method is invoked on bean itself

10) What is a web farm?
collective group of servers servicing same thing.   


11) What is the relationship between cookies and sessions?
    cookies are sent in requests to/fro server to client maintains information of user comes with expiry date
    sessions are maintained on server side you can set cookies inside sessions using session tracking apis

12) What is the difference between EJB and Spring framework?
   spring framework is light weight container whereas EJB is heavyweight and inertial
   

13) Name any 3 implementations of JPA
    hibernate,eclipselink,?->weblogic
    jdo is better with datanucleus
14) How do you configure a datasource in JBoss AS 6.XXX?
     in server/default/deploy/xxxx-ds.xml

15) What is dependency injection?
  injecting and instantiating the class without context lookup


16) How do you inject JPA entity manager in servlet or EJB?
@(PersistentEntity = "xxx")

17) What is Activation and Passivation in Stateful session beans?
if a client is holding references for long time the bean is rendered passivated and vice versa


18) Show the code to get a Connection from a datasource "java:/TestDS"? 
      Contect context = new InitialContext();
      Connection conn = (Connection)context.lookup("java:/TestDS")



19) Explain @WebInitParam

initialize servlet when its loaded ?


20) What's the latest version of Eclipse ? :)
juno
